
User Stories


As a user, I want to view data in a visualization, so that I can be informed.
    Acceptance: landing on site displays most general visualization of all data.

As a user, I want to filter the data in a visualization, so that I can customize my information.
    Acceptance: user may select from drop down menus different criteria to filter the data. (ie. Magnitutde > 5, location: North America)

As a user, I want to be able to share my page results on social media, so that I can show the site to others.
    Acceptance: user may click on a share link that will produce a link to the site and a text blurb encouraging clicking on it. The link should take others to the site with the same filter settings as the user currrntly has.

As a user, I want to change between optional layers/additional data on the visualization, so that I can further customize my visualization.
    Acceptance: user may select toggleable options on the map, such as topography view or satellite view, and may add or remove additional markings, such as major cities or faultlines.

As an admin, I want to be able to view users and modify their account settings, so that I can manage the site
    Acceptance: Admin view allows the admin to see a list of users, and block/delete them, remove their notificatoins

As an admin, I want to see usage statistics, so that I can understand how the site is being used.
    Acceptance: Admin view has a page with information on the site, ie. unique visitors, number of total requests, etc.

As a user, I want to be able to set up email notifications for certain kinds of earthquakes, so that I can be informed of new events.
    Acceptance: user may set up notifications attached to their account that will automatically inform them when a new event occurs that matches their specified criteria, criteria similar to filtering listed above.

As a user, I want to be able to view and manage (modify/delete) my current notifications, so that I can change my mind.
    Acceptance: user account view presents a list of notifications that have been set up with the ability to add new, edit existing, or delete. 



